Try out a different download strategy for ORA (#418)
AlexsLemonade/refinebio-examples: 02-microarray/pathway-analysis_microarray_01_ora.Rmd

dge_url <- "https://refinebio-examples.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/02-microarray/results/GSE71270/GSE71270_limma_results.tsv"
```

We will also declare a file path to where we want this file to be downloaded to and we can use the same file path later for reading the file into R. 

```{r}
dge_results_file <- file.path(
  results_dir,
  "GSE71270_limma_results.tsv"
)
```

Using the URL (`dge_url`) and file path (`dge_results_file`) we can download the file and use the `destfile` argument to specify where it should be saved. 

```{r}
download.file(
  dge_url,
  # The file will be saved to this location and with this name
  destfile = dge_results_file
)
```

Now let's double check that the results file is in the right place.

```{r}
# Check if the organism orthology file file is in the `data` directory
file.exists(dge_results_file)
```

## Import data

Read in the file that has differential expression results.

```{r}
# Read in the contents of the differential expression results file
dge_df <- readr::read_tsv(dge_results_file)
```

> Note you can also supply `dge_url` directly to the `readr::read_tsv()` function and read in the file without downloading it. 
> `read_tsv()` can read TSV files online and doesn't necessarily require you download the file first.

Reviewer: These two sentences are a bit redundant, so I am consolidating and providing a bit more specificity. If we want to provide this hint at all?
```suggestion
Note that `read_tsv()` can also read TSV files directly from a URL and doesn't necessarily require you download the file first.
If you wanted to use that feature, you could replace the call above with `readr::read_tsv(dge_url)` and skip the download steps.
```

Author: I like the hint just in case they knew about this and are confused why we even bother downloading first. But maybe we should just assume they won't know.

> Let's take a look at what these results from the differential expression analysis look like.

Reviewer: Separate paragraph?
```suggestion

Let's take a look at what these results from the differential expression analysis look like.
```
